Add docs for Component Testing with WebdriverIO (#132)
enhance-dev/enhance.dev: app/docs/md/learn/practices/testing.md

})
```

> ## Component Testing

Reviewer: The capitalization of headings (at least in this page) appears to be using the sentence case standard:

```suggestion
## Component testing
```

> If you like to run functional component tests, we recommend to use [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) as browser automation framework. The benefits of using an actual browser compared to JSDOM outweigh the minimal speed detriment that comes with spinning up a browser instance. Furthermore WebdriverIO is based on [WebDriver](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver/) as browser automation web standard which guarantees you interact with your component as close as possible as a user would do.

Reviewer: A few small suggested adjustments:

```suggestion
If you'd like to run functional component tests, we recommend using [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) as a browser automation framework. The benefits of using an actual browser compared to JSDOM outweigh the minimal speed detriment that comes with spinning up a browser instance. Furthermore, WebdriverIO is based on [WebDriver](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver/), a browser automation web standard which guarantees that your tests interact with your component as closely as possible to how a user would.
```

Overall, though, I feel that this passage is lacking a bit of context. IMO the second sentence should be prefaced by explicitly mentioning that other similar testing frameworks use JSDOM (and at least a link to a page defining what JSDOM is), and that WebDriver uses an actual browser instead.

Author: Thanks for the suggestions, I will take another stab at this.

> If you'd like to run functional component tests, we recommend using [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) as a browser automation framework. The benefits of using an actual browser compared to JSDOM outweigh the minimal speed detriment that comes with spinning up a browser instance. Furthermore, WebdriverIO is based on [WebDriver](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver/), a browser automation web standard which guarantees that your tests interact with your component as closely as possible to how a user would.

Reviewer: Re-adding the second part of [my previous comment](https://github.com/enhance-dev/enhance.dev/pull/132#discussion_r1099167782) for visibility, since the suggested changes in the first part were applied, which marks the thread as resolved:

> Overall, I feel that this passage is lacking a bit of context. IMO the second sentence should be prefaced by explicitly mentioning that other similar testing frameworks use JSDOM (and at least a link to a page defining what JSDOM is), and that WebDriver uses an actual browser instead.

Reviewer: Indeed the [new text](https://github.com/enhance-dev/enhance.dev/pull/132/commits/f7665518aacfe19731f23239c8cc8a53e1044dd2) is a nice improvement — great job!

> To add the WebdriverIO test harness to your project, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a WebdriverIO test harness to your project, run:
```

> Running component tests allow you to mount, render and interact with a single Enhance component in isolation. To ensure that test conditions are as close as possible to the real world, we recommend to run them in actual browser rather than using e.g. [JSDOM](https://github.com/jsdom/jsdom) which is just a JavaScript implementation of web standards browser offer. To run Enhance component tests you can use [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) as a browser automation framework. It is based on the [WebDriver](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver/) protocol which is a browser automation web standard which guarantees that your tests interact with your components as closely as possible to how a user would.

Reviewer: Just a couple tweaks for readability:

```suggestion
Running component tests allow you to mount, render and interact with a single Enhance component in isolation. To ensure that test conditions are as close as possible to the real world, we recommend to run them in actual browser rather than using e.g. [JSDOM](https://github.com/jsdom/jsdom) which is just a JavaScript implementation of web standards provided by browsers. To run Enhance component tests you can use [WebdriverIO](https://webdriver.io/) as a browser automation framework. It is based on the [WebDriver](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver/) protocol, a browser automation web standard which guarantees that your tests interact with your components as closely as possible to how a user would.
```

Also, I'd suggest placing each sentence in its own line (which doesn't affect wrapping in markdown, i.e. the final rendered document is identical), so that any future changes can be highlighted more conveniently by diff rendering engines.

Author: Nice tip, will do that!

```shell
npm init wdio@latest ./
```

The command initializes a configuration wizard that helps you set-up the test harness. Make sure to select on the first question: "_Where should your tests be launched?_" the answer: "_browser - for unit and component testing in the browser_".

> An example test file should be created, replace the content with e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example test file should be created. Replace the content with e.g.:
```

```javascript
import { expect, browser, $$ } from '@wdio/globals'
import enhance from '@enhance/ssr'

// see actual component here: https://github.com/webdriverio/component-testing-examples/blob/main/enhance/app/elements/my-header.mjs
import MyHeader from '../../app/elements/my-header.mjs'

describe('Enhance Framework', () => {
  it('should render MyHeader element correctly', async () => {
    const html = enhance({
      elements: {
        'my-header': MyHeader
      }
    })
    const actual = document.createElement('div')

>     actual.innerHTML = (html`<my-header></my-header>`).replace(/<(\/*)(html|head|body)>/g, '')

Reviewer: Some tweaks to the regex:
- The first capture group is unnecessary
- The quantifier should allow for a single occurrence of `/`, rather than any number of them
- Whitespace after the `/` should be supported. 

```suggestion
    actual.innerHTML = (html`<my-header></my-header>`).replace(/<\/?\s*(html|head|body)>/g, '')
```

    document.body.appendChild(actual)
    expect(await $$('img').length).toBe(2)
  })
})
```

> You can find the WebdriverIO API docs at [webdriver.io/docs/api](https://webdriver.io/docs/api) and the full example for Enhance component testing [on GitHub](https://github.com/webdriverio/component-testing-examples/tree/main/enhance). If you have any questions, join the projects [Gitter Channel](https://gitter.im/webdriverio/webdriverio).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the WebdriverIO API docs at [webdriver.io/docs/api](https://webdriver.io/docs/api) and the full example for Enhance component testing [on GitHub](https://github.com/webdriverio/component-testing-examples/tree/main/enhance). If you have any questions, join the project's [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/webdriverio/webdriverio).
```

(By the way, Given [Gitter's impending migration to Matrix](https://blog.gitter.im/2023/01/16/gitter-is-going-fully-native-matrix-in-feb-2023/), this link should probably be changed to the new URL scheme once that's available, which should happen next Monday.)
